[13.0][ADD] account_payment_fee_transfer (#309)
OCA/account-payment: account_payment_fee_transfer/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module extends the functionality of the Payment Transfer to put fee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of the Payment Transfer by allowing to set the bank charge (fee) amount to either source or destination bank account.
```
